Added DNS Chaos doc (#474)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/pod-dns-error.md

  namespace: default
  labels:
    name: pod-dns-error-sa
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: litmus
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Role
  name: pod-dns-error-sa
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: pod-dns-error-sa
    namespace: default
```

***Note:*** In case of restricted systems/setup, create a PodSecurityPolicy(psp) with the required permissions. The `chaosServiceAccount` can subscribe to work around the respective limitations. An example of a standard psp that can be used for litmus chaos experiments can be found [here](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/next/litmus-psp/).

### Prepare ChaosEngine

- Provide the application info in `spec.appinfo`
- Override the experiment tunables if desired in `experiments.spec.components.env`
- To understand the values to provided in a ChaosEngine specification, refer [ChaosEngine Concepts](chaosengine-concepts.md)

#### Supported Experiment Tunables

<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Variables </th>
    <th> Description  </th>
    <th> Specify In ChaosEngine </th>
    <th> Notes </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> TARGET_CONTAINER  </td>
    <td> Name of container which is subjected to dns-error </td>
    <td> Optional </td>

>     <td> Applicable for containerd & CRI-O runtime only. Even with these runtimes, if the value is not provided, it injects chaos on the first container of the pod</td>

Reviewer: We can leave this empty. We now use sandbox containers for docker/containerd/crio runtime

kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: pod-dns-error-sa
  namespace: default
  labels:
    name: pod-dns-error-sa
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: litmus
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Role
  name: pod-dns-error-sa
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: pod-dns-error-sa
    namespace: default
```

***Note:*** In case of restricted systems/setup, create a PodSecurityPolicy(psp) with the required permissions. The `chaosServiceAccount` can subscribe to work around the respective limitations. An example of a standard psp that can be used for litmus chaos experiments can be found [here](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/next/litmus-psp/).

### Prepare ChaosEngine

- Provide the application info in `spec.appinfo`
- Override the experiment tunables if desired in `experiments.spec.components.env`
- To understand the values to provided in a ChaosEngine specification, refer [ChaosEngine Concepts](chaosengine-concepts.md)

#### Supported Experiment Tunables

<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Variables </th>
    <th> Description  </th>
    <th> Specify In ChaosEngine </th>
    <th> Notes </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> TARGET_CONTAINER  </td>

>     <td> Name of container which is subjected to network loss </td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td> Name of container which is subjected to dns-error </td>
```

    <td> Optional </td>
    <td> Applicable for containerd & CRI-O runtime only. Even with these runtimes, if the value is not provided, it injects chaos on the first container of the pod</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> TOTAL_CHAOS_DURATION </td>
    <td> The time duration for chaos insertion (seconds) </td>
    <td> Optional </td>
    <td> Default (60s) </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> TARGET_HOSTNAMES </td>
    <td> List of the target hostnames or keywords eg. '["litmuschaos","chaosnative.com"]'</td>
    <td> Optional </td>
    <td> If not provided, all hostnames/domains will be targeted</td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td> MATCH_SCHEME </td>

>     <td> Determines whether the dns query has to match exactly with one of the targets or can have any of the targets as substring. Can be either `exact` or `substring` </td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td> Determines whether the dns query has to match exactly with one of the targets or can have any of the targets as substring. Can be either <code>exact</code> or <code>substring</code> </td>
```

    <td> Optional </td>
    <td> if not provided, it will be set as `exact`</td>
  </tr>     
  <tr>
    <td> PODS_AFFECTED_PERC </td>
    <td> The Percentage of total pods to target  </td>
    <td> Optional </td>
    <td> Defaults to 0 (corresponds to 1 replica), provide numeric value only </td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td> CONTAINER_RUNTIME  </td>
    <td> container runtime interface for the cluster</td>
    <td> Optional </td>

>     <td> Defaults to docker, supported values: docker, containerd and crio for litmus and only docker for pumba LIB </td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td> Defaults to docker, supported values: docker, containerd and crio </td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> SOCKET_PATH </td>
    <td> Path of the containerd/crio/docker socket file </td>
    <td> Optional  </td>
    <td> Defaults to `/var/run/docker.sock` </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> LIB </td>
    <td> The chaos lib used to inject the chaos </td>
    <td> Optional  </td>

>     <td> Default value: litmus, supported values: pumba and litmus </td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td> Default value: litmus, supported values: litmus </td>
```

              value: ""

            # can be either exact or substring, determines whether the dns query has to match exactly with one of the targets or can have any of the targets as substring
            - name: MATCH_SCHEME
              value: "exact"

            - name: TOTAL_CHAOS_DURATION
              value: "60" # in seconds

            # provide the name of container runtime, it supports docker, containerd, crio
            - name: CONTAINER_RUNTIME
              value: "docker"

            # provide the socket file path
            - name: SOCKET_PATH
              value: "/var/run/docker.sock"
```

### Create the ChaosEngine Resource

- Create the ChaosEngine manifest prepared in the previous step to trigger the Chaos.

  `kubectl apply -f chaosengine.yml`

- If the chaos experiment is not executed, refer to the [troubleshooting](https://docs.litmuschaos.io/docs/faq-troubleshooting/) 
  section to identify the root cause and fix the issues.

### Watch Chaos progress

- View dns failure by setting up a ping on the target domain/hostname from the affected pod, should error out.

  `ping <target_domain>`

### Abort/Restart the Chaos Experiment

> - To stop the pod-network-loss experiment immediately, either delete the ChaosEngine resource or execute the following command: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To stop the pod-dns-error experiment immediately, either delete the ChaosEngine resource or execute the following command: 
```

  `kubectl patch chaosengine <chaosengine-name> -n <namespace> --type merge --patch '{"spec":{"engineState":"stop"}}'` 

- To restart the experiment, either re-apply the ChaosEngine YAML or execute the following command: 

  `kubectl patch chaosengine <chaosengine-name> -n <namespace> --type merge --patch '{"spec":{"engineState":"active"}}'`  

### Check Chaos Experiment Result

> - Check whether the application is resilient to the Pod Network Loss, once the experiment (job) is completed. The ChaosResult resource name is derived like this: `<ChaosEngine-Name>-<ChaosExperiment-Name>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Check whether the application is resilient to the Pod Dns Chaos, once the experiment (job) is completed. The ChaosResult resource name is derived like this: `<ChaosEngine-Name>-<ChaosExperiment-Name>`.
```
